Fix security section for Hubspot and GitLab (#288)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: docs/integrations/gitlab/webhooks.md

## Secure webhook requests {#security}

> The ngrok signature webhook verification feature allows ngrok to assert that requests from your Frame.io webhook are the only traffic allowed to make calls to your localhost app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ngrok signature webhook verification feature allows ngrok to assert that requests from your Gitlab webhooks are the only traffic allowed to make calls to your localhost app.
```
